so can you tell us a little bit so what
are we calling you buddy
Miguel Miguel okay so Miguel tell me a
little bit about what's um what's what's
been going on with you recently and how
we can help okay so I guess to start I'm
a 19 year old student at university okay
you know I was living at living up in
the dorms and I was feeling like really
good I don't know I guess there's no
other way to put it I was in a good
routine I was doing what I wanted to do
on a day-to-day and then yeah my parents
kind of forced me back like I assume
like a lot of other people do to Cove it
and then I don't know I kind of just
went downhill from there okay yeah I
think this is kinda just a theory I
guess but I think it seems a lot for my
relationship with my parents just like
how it's preceded this is how I say it
okay okay yeah can you tell us can us oh
so what you you seem to be a little bit
of a unicorn
Miguel because you know most of us are
horses but here comes Miguel who
actually has a good routine at school
which sounds very very bizarre to me
can we actually start with that like how
do you develop a good routine at school
like that sounds a mythical I did
I don't know how maybe the other people
doesn't seem that good but for me it
worked really well I just like get up in
the morning you know like you food like
try to work out take a run or something
go to class then afterwards I might
actually like some kind of stupid but
inspiring pro-gamer
I guess for legal legends sure I guess
after class I would Matt do my
meditation then I just play for a while
you know eat somewhere in between and
then you know talk to my girlfriend
something like that and then so true a
true unicorn because not only are you
exercising but you are in or late oh
hold on a second yeah hello
turn them up got it
all right thank you all right
okay can you can you say something again
Miguel
oh I can't move my my closer to is that
better good turn it up so keep keep
talking Miguel whoa okay good
better fixed okay awesome thank you very
much cool yes so tell us a little bit
about you know so how mmm so interesting
so you wake up you eat something yeah
rightfully and then you try to exercise
what do you mean by try to exercise I'm
pretty inconsistent with it honestly
it's like there are weeks where it's
like you know five times a week or
something but there also works right
just like once or twice so okay I guess
it's kind of whenever I must have a
willpower to like get up with like Ron I
guess do you think it's willpower oh I
think getting into the habit of it is
but what's up at the habit not really
not really yeah okay makes sense and are
you interested in university honestly
not really I'm kind of just there
because my parents want me to be there
okay and yeah okay so we can talk a
little bit about that and how on earth
did you get a girlfriend how does that I
think I got really lucky honestly so
during my freshman year college I was a
lot more outgoing I suppose extroverted
and I was doing like a lot of party
stuff like that and I actually happen to
meet her like the Welcome Week of my
college experience so then really what
happened I accidentally asked her out on
a date I think when I was not completely
sober I kind of forgot about it and then
it just went from there oh how does one
accidentally ask someone out on a date
well I was very very not sober
and then I remember I guess I guess I
just messaged her and I woke up the next
morning and she talks to me like are we
still on for today I'm like what are you
talking about and that yeah that was
your reaction or that was what you
responded to her that was my reaction
okay awesome okay so you can you can
thank drunk Miguel for helping out sober
Miguel right yeah and so can you tell me
a little bit so how far are you from
your University how far is home away
from the University oh pretty close just
45 minutes give or take okay and where
is your girlfriend I feels the same
University she's like right now she's
she lives near the University like ten
minutes give or take so I'm also like
that's all right okay and are you guys
seeing each other physically no okay
okay
that's just like wanted stuff yeah I was
just curious you know alright so you're
you're back at home and how do you feel
being back at home um I guess I'm sorry
get used to it but at first it was not
great I guess the first day or two the
feeling I had described or how I
described at least was like homesick
almost which is kind of weird being
homesick for school nice in school just
like I guess yeah I guess school my
apartment like the life sure so um we're
gonna ask so I'm gonna try to think a
little bit about how to make this
productive for twitch at yeah so what I
want you guys to do is we're gonna use
Miguel is sort of a test case for how to
understand how his life has changed and
what's responsible for the change so I'm
making an assumption right so if we're
thinking about like collecting data
scientifically we want to start with a
hypothesis and our hypothesis is that
your life at university sounded like
pretty good actually yeah and then it I
mean since you're here today it sounds
like maybe your life at home is is not
so good in some ways yes and then for us
to try to figure out so when we look at
our lives and we think that our lives
are good
or not good we tend to attribute them to
certain causes so we say that like oh my
life at university sucks because I am
lazy right we'll say things like that or
because I'm undisciplined but what I
want you guys to really pay attention to
is that Miguel is in a sense the same
person that he was at home and at school
so it's not necessarily some kind of
intrinsic quality that leads to his life
being good or his life not being good
there are other factors at play and what
I want you guys to pay attention to is
what are the variables that have changed
in Miguel's life that have changed
what's on the other side of the equal
sign because it's not gonna be like I
mean I'm sure maybe you feel lazy but I
want you guys to just kind of pay
attention to how his Miguel's
circumstance changed how has his mind
changed and if his mind has changed if
his circumstance has changed then what
is that going to do to you know this
life that he is clearly crushing or was
clearly crushing yeah okay so that
that's what I want you all to pay
attention to okay and I can't really see
twitch chat because I'm you know in my
potato setup sorry I hope you guys got
that so Miguel tell us a little bit
about what it's like being at home
I guess I just feel a lot more it's
kinda stupid to say I guess but that's
not what's stupid to say about that I
just like where I grew up but I guess
it's it's like little things it's like
I'm just absolutely like ten hours
instead of like the usual way I'm like
just sitting doing nothing more just
like like a game or like watching
YouTube or something I thought like go
back to like the pro gamer type thing ah
I just not as motivated to play a
practice like get better I guess mmm I
talk to skills a lot more wasted time
feels wasted okay so I want you to
notice first Miguel two things okay
one is that you feel a particular way
and one is that you respond to your
feelings of feeling a particular way
yeah help us understand what the
difference is
I guess respond to my feelings of the
particular ways like acting on it more
so maybe like letting it go okay okay so
what what I've heard you say a couple of
things that I think are your responses
to how you feel so how you feel is that
you're unmotivated right you feel like
kind of sluggish the drive is not there
I mean you would wake up every day you
would eat something exercise go to class
get home like you know try to really get
better at Wow and that sort of spark or
that flame seems to be gone yeah what is
your response to that flame being gone I
guess I just let it go away almost like
up letting it be gone very good so what
I'm saying so I think your response
towards it is actually judgment what do
you think about that like I guess you're
judging yourself for being unmotivated
so you say I let it go away yeah right
that implies to me that you think you
[ __ ] up and that you said that you
should be different so should is a
judgmental statement does that make
sense I want you to keep an eye on that
because when people judge themselves
harshly what do you think it does to
their motivation possibly yeah okay so
let's think about this for a second why
do you think it kills it even more it's
kind of like dockwood spiral I guess
yeah so you beat yourself up and how
does but what is what's the effect of
beating yourself up you just feel worse
so but then then if you feel worse what
does that do to your motivation why is
that was that what you is that what your
experience has been yeah okay yeah okay
so let's let's go back to when you were
at college how much did you beat
yourself up I mean you're in there like
but not like constant I guess okay
so now we can make an observation so
we're gonna collect a data point we
don't really quite understand how this
works but it sounds like you felt
confident about yourself at university
that you and that that confidence meant
that you were less judgmental towards
yourself and that that that lack of
judgment every now and then maybe you
were judgmental but then the more
confident you felt about yourself you
sort of felt inspired or motivated to
like practice law go to class because
you know a lot of people want to go pro
in law and you know what they do at
university they wake up and they don't
go to class Yeah right
so like something so there's something
different here about the downward spiral
spiral and beating yourself up the
reason that I expressed some skepticism
about that I I agree with you that it
oftentimes leads to a downward spiral
but some people actually get a lot of
motivation from beating themselves up
yeah what do you think about that I
think I've experienced that sometimes
too how so I guess there were a couple
of days at university or it's just like
yeah I feel that like I I think I should
get up and go do something and I just
like force myself into the gym or
something or like go do something that
makes me feel better yeah so I know this
is gonna sound like a random example but
sometimes I work with especially women
with anorexia who are very successful
and the really interesting thing is that
like so a lot of times people with
anorexia are just incredibly successful
so it correlates with actually a lot of
worldly success and most people who have
anorexia are women and the really
interesting thing is that they really
beat themselves up for their appearance
and they think that they do a really bad
job and they suck at life and then their
sense that they suck it
life actually drives them really hard
they almost like whip themselves to go
the extra mile and they they never feel
like it's good enough and they're always
striving to do better it's kind of a
torturous and suffering way to live but
it actually causes them to crush it in
school and their jobs and things like
that what do you think about that does
that make sense at all or a while ago I
guess this time just different for
whatever reason it's just I guess back
that azz looking at my life it's just
I'm not doing anything I'm just like
playing games to play games I guess that
was the beginning of the pushing towards
like interesting so it sounds like you
started to maybe beat yourself up and
that motivated you to get started but
somehow when you got started and you
started feeling good about yourself that
was its own kind of motivation
confidence positivity all that kind of
crap yeah okay that's so so let's
understand that motivation actually
comes from a couple of different places
and we'll kind of come back to that if
it is relevant okay okay so next thing
is I want you to notice Miguel when and
I want twitch chat to watch out for when
you make a judgmental especially self
judgmental statement or the the word
that we're looking for is should okay
because I think should is really like a
great way like does that make sense like
how is should a sign of judgment because
it's like if I were a different person I
would have done this or like so in
business I should have done this yep and
and so like the opposite what's the
opposite of judgment huh compassionate
mmm sort of yeah I can see how it has a
layer of compassion so let's just well
we'll ask twitch chat will kind of come
back to that and what's the opposite of
judgment if it comes to you then by all
means go for it but um so let's kind of
come back sorry for that it was that
tangent okay Miguel oh yeah okay you
know so I'm gonna try to okay so now
let's talk about you
so tell me a little bit about what's it
like to be back at home is the biggest
thing is is just like the relationship I
have with my family's kind of weird I
guess my brother you're just preface it
well I have four brothers they're all
have siblings
okay my father is my mother's second
husband okay so it's not really that
like impacts much just like I think so
I'm pretty tight with them still I think
the biggest thing that's like different
at home is like how I interact with my
dad's like not good there's like a lot
of resentment I suppose so it makes
interacting hard I would say it's kind
of taxing what do you resent or does
heroes enter you resent I do I think
what do you resent that's a hard
question to answer
a lot of things I suppose just like was
the greatest probably that's like
without you know what a good upbringing
against I guess but can you tell us yeah
your upbringing so that's an oncologist
my mom stay at home she's like always
taken care of like before kids with me
I'm a dog too and yeah I feel like my
braid talk with my dad it was whenever I
interact with my dad it's because I did
something wrong or something like that
so we always end up with like a shouting
match basically interesting can you do
this a particular example come to mind
ah yeah I was like think about what I'd
say to you like there was one example
where he just like all right I don't
even remember what I did so I was like
10 or something maybe give or take
I did something wrong and then I [ __ ]
like I don't know man like I boarded up
my door like I threw like a chair in
front of it like scared of what he'd
like come say to me he like open the
door and you start yelling at me and
it's just stuff like that just not good
huh
not good yeah
so let's try to understand what's not
good about that like that I feel like
whenever stuff like that came up which
wasn't necessary you know just like sure
discipline me but relax I guess I don't
know what was he doing oh well yeah
hello oh oh my my body just went out
sorry what was he doing you say you said
sure discipline me but relax a little
bit so what was he doing disciplining
you I guess it was a pointers to side
with discipline he just like letting
anger out I guess okay yeah letting
anger out yeah sounds kind of passive
yeah it's that's like I like something I
know for sure but I suppose Miguel let
me ask you something what is someone
feeling when they close the door and
stick a chair in front of it fear why
are they putting a chair in front of it
what is the purpose of that chair
I guess distance like hoping it doesn't
come I guess they're like hoping it
stops it I got stops it so I that makes
a lot of sense to me I guess I'm looking
for a particular word and I'm gonna
continue fishing for it a little bit
right what is what is that chair doing
what what purpose so when you're a
ten-year-old like and you think about
when you watch TV and people stick
furniture in front of doors what's
usually on the other side Dave
yeah so what is the purpose of that door
I mean what's the purpose of the the
furniture in front of the door
protection absolutely right and like
what do we usually barricade ourselves
against because that's what you were
doing yeah I guess I guess I guess that
danger yeah but like what kinds of
things do you see on TV
sponsors zombies and stuff like that
absolutely so I want you to just think
about this for a second right so I want
you to imagine a 10 year old and how
much that 10 year old be feeling for him
to do something like barricade his
doorway really scared really scared
because what's on the other side is
danger yeah in a monster yeah I mean is
that how it felt to you yeah definitely
what was that like
I don't know just scared I guess I don't
know how else to put it
what's it like growing up with a monster
at home not good in what way just I just
don't feel safe I guess mm-hmm is that
how you feel now maybe the song stop not
the exact same way as a kid it's it's
got better here and there Walt
it's like I intentionally put a lot of
distance myself mm-hmm right so you've
you've learned how to put up other kinds
of barricades
yeah because chairs behind doors don't
work so what are the barricades that you
put up oh I don't think my girlfriend
notice is it's like I interact with them
it's just like oh I just turned off I
don't know it's like an emotional wall I
guess go monotone it's like try not to
interact like as little as possible
stuff like that okay so generally
speaking when we do things like that
those are adaptive so what when you when
you so you've learned how to not
interact with him right yeah so what
happens when you do interact with him
pretty good yeah I don't I don't know if
you really are interacting with him over
the past couple of years does that make
sense yeah there's exactly one time I
remember like really interacting with
them tell me about that
so around Christmastime my parents like
filed for a divorce they didn't end up
going through with it but I was like a
lot of certainty my mom kind of like set
my dad away so
well I was a lot of us for another
pressure he's gonna like set Christmas a
while I guess I just felt really bad so
one got dinner with them I kinda just
like you know it's like hunker down feel
like okay I'm gonna have a real
conversation you know I try my best
it was pretty good hunkering down to
have a real conversation sounds pretty
bad huh yeah what sounds bad about it
you should heed to hunker down a real
conversation why did you have to hunker
down my relationship with them which is
what like I have to protect myself again
still I suppose absolutely right I mean
I might like I sort of are you feeling
like I'm spoon feeding you don't get it
but I mean do what how much does this
resonate with you Oh resonates for sure
it's like yeah right so like we need to
be because it's so easy I guess yeah so
I think I think what I'm hearing from
you Miguel is that you have a lot of
feelings and you don't know how to put
words to the feelings and so what I'm
really spoon feeding you is the language
by asking you leading questions but I
think to me
you know like basically and I I imagine
people watching like when I think about
a 10 year old who literally has to
barricade in himself inside his room
from his father yeah that's like that
tells us everything that we need to know
you know the rest of it is just defining
terms but that image I think was
beautiful and I mean it was a terrifying
image but it was a well-crafted image in
terms of it captures a lot about the way
that you felt and like what you know
what your home situation was like can I
ask a little bit about the you know
possible divorce yeah why do you think
they were getting divorced
well I was at the time but apparently
he's had like a massive argument about I
don't really know honey maybe but yeah
there's you want like more details like
around the relationship or their
relationship rather if you're
comfortable sharing them ah I give what
I can honestly I
I never really knew how they were
together it's like always felt like
outward appearances you know and then
they would always like yellow each other
like dad would like threatened with
divorce or something when I was like
right here about that was like 14 or
something like that
yeah I don't have too much else to say I
always do it was like kind of unstable
but never to back huh okay what what
would they fight about
there's always start with like really
stupid small stuff and then both of them
are like pretty stubborn so they're just
escalating escalating never giving it up
and that yeah it'd reach points where
it's like I guess what's good for ya
blah blah blah blah it's like yeah hmm
like it wasn't even real stuff they're
arguing about and you said that you said
something along the lines if you don't
know how they ended up together
oh I'm not sure I quite I didn't say
that but okay so maybe interpreting so
help me understand that a little bit why
are you but what you know for a child of
parents who thinks that there's got to
be some reason that you believe that so
can you help me understand a little bit
about you know what you think about them
is so incompatible peppers I guess
I mean I've asked like both of them
about how it happens they both gave me
pretty different answers but I think
yeah was not like their temperaments are
both like pretty short they're both like
just different people I guess how did
they how did they tell you about what
were their answers in terms of why they
got together well my mom said something
one of the lines of like so she said
like my dad also like didn't really have
parents growing up like his dad died at
an early age he was at an early age
and his mom was like always is working
working okay so she said that it was so
he could finally have a family that he
could like cuz my mom where he had the
kids at this point and my dad said that
they accidentally had me so they just
got married so Wow yeah huh
what do you think about that I mean I'd
like to believe my mom's interpretation
more but I guess it's the realistic part
of me I guess it maybe knows is a harsh
word but like those my dad's probably is
the real version mm-hmm you know
sometimes I think it's interesting which
version we define is realistic yeah so
it's it's you know Miguel I see you
smiling a lot but I'm wondering if
you're feeling some kind of heart
talking about these things yeah it's
kind of weird to revisit all this what
hurts
family situation just passed but the
best I guess I just always overlooked it
that sounds a little bit unperson 'el to
me Miguel I mean you know pardon me for
once again hypothesizing but you know
the struggle that I have is in terms of
like I don't want to bias you but at the
same time you know I think it's hard to
do this kind of exploration at your age
so I mean I'm just gonna just say this
for a second like you know how how would
someone feel if they learned from their
dad that the reason their parents got
married is because they were an accident
definitely not good in what way what
would they feel squatchin everything I
guess like what you know like my parents
really loved me yes absolutely yeah how
does it feel to say that I was pretty
hard to say I think I've kind of thought
about that like you know passier I guess
my dad my parents were like talking
about divorce and stuff my dad actually
said something I like really caught me
off guard um we always used to say like
I like you to each other
I've been getting my dad and I was just
thought of as a joke it was like yeah I
never wanted to say I love you to be you
to me and I just had no idea to process
that and I still know mm-hmm does it
hurt when he says that to you
would witnesses what like when he said
that to you I guess maybe I was like
distance at the time so it didn't really
but yeah so when thinking about it I was
distanced right that's the barricade and
so that's why we put up the barricade
because as long as the barricade is
there the monster doesn't get to come
into the room when did he say that to
you he said that like probably a year
ago a couple months like March now so I
think probably wrong to summer around
the time that they had the divorce and
also around the time that you guys had
that real conversation yeah and and can
you tell us about the conversation well
that was like the Coxon that I suppose
but that's what he was also like you
know I wanna start right worth like our
relationship he said like wanted to
start trying more yeah yeah and like
give you love I suppose like he's
followed that with I love you all so how
did that make you feel
I was just also got so I guess it's
nothing so me go I'm gonna ask you
another question okay when someone says
I never wanted to say I love you that's
what your dad's words were right
along those lines so let's just let's
actually like examine that statement for
a moment what does that statement mean
probably didn't love me I guess
interesting so I'm gonna ask you to
re-examine that right yeah okay so can I
just think for a second Miguel yeah
so we've come a far away from motivation
schedules waking up in the morning and
eating meals haven't we yeah
[Music]
so I'm gonna I wanted to ask you a
couple of questions but instead I think
I'm gonna make a few statements and then
I'm gonna give you a choice because I
don't want to lead you somewhere that
you don't want to go yeah so I think
that you don't know whether your father
loves you or not and and I don't know if
you want to know the answer to that
question I don't know if you're prepared
to know the answer to that question yeah
so now we have we have an interesting
choice right so like the problem is that
you don't know what's on the other side
of the door it could be a monster it may
not be a monster
yeah the challenge is that in order for
you to know the answer to that question
you have to take the chair away from the
door and you have to unlock it and you
have to open it the real scary thing is
that you don't know what's gonna walk
through yeah so we're not going to
assume that it isn't in a monster and
we're not going to assume that your dad
does love you although I do believe he
does but in order for you to let him
love you you also have to let him not
love you and I don't know if you're
ready for that so it means that you have
to let him in and then like like right
now you have walls up which is why when
he says certain things to you you're
protected from them yeah but in order to
like really you know you don't know if
it's a fluffy teddy bear on the other
side or if it's a monster but like
opening yourself up to one is opening
yourself up to the other does that make
sense like you've got a being vulnerable
because right now when he tells you he
loves you like what what are those words
like do to you
honestly they either make you feel
hotter they're like exactly right so if
we think about they do nothing to you
that's because your walls are up like
and you know they can't you know in law
there's that area where you you know the
enemies can't walk into
so like you know your walls are up so
they can't enter the thing is you don't
so in order for those words in order for
you to feel do you want to feel loved by
your dad just feels like I don't care
like either way excellent insight right
so this is exactly what I'm saying this
is why I'm instead of asking you a
thousand questions I'm just telling you
it's the first thing that I'm
hypothesizing to you is that you know in
order to feel loved by your dad you have
to care about what he feels and I want
you to just notice this because this is
important sometimes we choose not to
care about stuff because if I don't care
about something then it can't hurt me
but the other problem is that like if I
don't care about it I can't feel joy
from it either yeah so right now you
have this barricade which is that you
don't care whether he loves you or not
because and that protects you from him
not loving you but it also prevents you
from feeling loved by him and as a
result of not caring I think you sort of
end up with something down the road that
mutates over time into resentment does
that make sense so now we have kind of a
choice Miguel do you want to and you
really don't have to say one thing or
another it's not like forget about like
this is actually your choice okay I
don't want you to say something I don't
want you to do something because we're
talking twitch or whatever do you want
to try to explore what bringing the
walls down is like or not exactly I'm
with you
honestly part of me doesn't part of me
doesn't there part of me doesn't part of
you doesn't good so I tell me about
those two parts this is one part that
like knows he's trying to be better and
like wants to encourage that I guess but
there's also the other part that's
there's just a lot too I don't know how
to explain it
yeah tell me what that part is saying
he's hurt you so much just like it's
better you just like try to work on the
other parts of being at home try to like
get back to where you were
just ignore it mm-hmm which way which
part do you want to listen to today
honestly the the part that doesn't want
to good for you yeah good for you I want
to come out for a while just what
decisions were those do I want a lot of
that yeah yeah like I said then hi part
of me wants to but it's just so hard
what do you resent him for haha a whole
hot I guess it's hard to pinpoint mm-hmm
can I can I give it a shot sure do you
resent him for putting you in in this
situation in the first place I never
thought of that but yeah definitely I
couldn't have to think like this yep how
does it feel to have to think like this
yeah my apartment doing what I want to
do I have to deal with this garbage it's
hard right do you do you hate him for
making you feel this way really hard
like I definitely did hard for a lot of
like hatred towards them especially I
was like a bit you up here and maybe
it's not for putting me in this
situation but it's there what did you
hate him for just like oh my god and
what is he
my dad I don't know I'm gonna think for
another second okay yeah I get water
yeah of course
oh twitch chat what are we gonna do with
Miguel what are we gonna do
just got to make sure the door is locked
curious what did you do with the door uh
I'm speaking outside see you fan yeah
there is a rear last time I like a
serious talk like if the house was with
like my dad we're talking about like the
divorce mom was just like around the
corner listen again no I guess I saw on
have you heard by them right now yeah
what do you think would happen if you
were heard by them have to deal with it
I guess
without what would you have to deal with
what do you think would happen what are
you afraid of why don't we you why don't
you want them to know what you're saying
right now cuz like I don't even know
like precisely how to feel so how am I
gonna like vocalizes of that what I'm
feeling
why do you have to vocalize to them and
in a clear way what you're feeling just
like help with what I'm saying I guess
like how Ponder's that what do you want
them to understand
I feel this way that it's like tearing
me up almost what are you feeling
that's hard to say from a physical size
just like something in my chest
what's in your chest happiness I suppose
tightness or heaviness yeah tightness
tightness yeah
okay so Miguel I'm gonna go ahead and
ask you a couple of questions okay
okay so I want to come back to the
statement that your dad said that I
didn't want to tell you that I loved you
right yeah so and you're interpreting
that as he doesn't love you not exactly
I think yeah so earlier I think when I
asked you about that you said yeah sort
of the way that you felt is that he
didn't love you when I was I think when
I was younger like and he would say like
stuff like I like you stuff like that
he didn't that maybe that's like I'm
sure but now like I think he does that
makes it a lot harder to what makes it
why does that make it harder how does
that make it hurt to have the
relationship I know he's like trying I
know that he like you know he wants to
change I'm just like not helping that I
guess hmm should you be doing something
different
I don't know there's the [ __ ] that I
guess very good is that how you feel
cuz when you say I'm not helping yet
that sounds pretty judgmental to me yeah
there's stuff yeah I think about this
too it's like part of me that definitely
wants to like you know help partner also
change the relationship it's part of the
reason why I'm here you then but at the
same time just like why do I even need
to try what's the point
so you don't need to try I don't need to
now let's let's understand that very
clearly right so yeah a lot of times the
decisions that we make in life the ways
that we approach life are based on this
part of us that is like pissed off like
have you have you read or seen Twilight
the first movie as I read it though okay
so I too have not read it I think I've
seen maybe movies one three and four
okay
and in those movies that I think at one
point there's like you know there's the
we're wolf versus vampire thing in the
log but at some point I think she has a
kid and then does okay yeah sorry for
spoilers I guess and and then I think
something weird happens I don't know
exactly what happens but then you know
so if you guys need to tune out you know
y'all shouldn't do now but at some point
you know the the we're wolf dude
actually becomes like sort of this
protector for her kid okay and and this
part of you that that wants to that
wants you to stay away from your dad and
doesn't want you to try and doesn't
think that you need to try I kind of
almost view as a protective we're wolf
does that sort of make sense like it's
like strong and angry and terrifying but
also is like really looking out for you
and you can count on it yeah like it's
you've got this like psychological like
we're wolf Guardian who just kind of
follows you around is gonna just [ __ ]
[ __ ] up if it tries to hurt you sounds
pretty cool and but thing is it's kind
of stupid like it's kind of stupid right
it just knows it's like it's gonna it's
like reactionary it's not nuanced it
doesn't you know sip tea with its pinky
up it you know it I don't know how else
to describe it like it's not very
psychologically minded it's it's it's a
beast
it's beast eale and so I think you don't
have to you can listen to that thing
because
this is what you've had to do so I want
you to kind of think a little bit about
this and let me know if this sort of
makes sense or doesn't make sense but
I'm envisioning you as a kid in a couple
of experiences happened that that we're
wolf in your mind starts to grow and
over time huh 100 percent there's like
one that comes divine tell us about it I
forget is it start from something stupid
again but like yeah my dad started
yelling at me like puff my chest up to
me or something I was so angry and like
yeah I puff tit back like I squared off
like about to fight him or something
like that
of course I back down because I'm like
not about to hit my dad but yeah how old
were you this was 16 maybe give or take
a year mm-hmm you said you weren't about
to hit your dad was he about to hit you
I don't think so he was definitely
poised like it though he had the thought
in his mind to him sounds kind of scary
huh yeah and so you had to learn how to
protect yourself so part of your your
psyche sort of developed to this like
protective mechanism and it sort of came
out it sounds like it was actually
pretty well developed at that point yeah
when do you think do you remember when
do you remember times when you were
younger where it started where you
started off being scared and then you
sort of found this like core or nugget
of like hatred and anger yeah tell me
about it I mean so specific time I could
think of but remember like after
argument or something with them
you're like he yelled at me I'd like sit
in my room just like hitting a pillow or
something like that just like really
angry yeah and how did you were you
angry while he was yelling at you it was
like boiling over I guess boiling over
when like toward the middle towards the
end like his but like some points like I
don't need to take this you know yep so
I just want you to notice that like
anger is born out of hatred I mean sorry
born out of hurt right and and so that
anger kind of arises and it protects you
so anger is also a protective mechanism
that we use
to Purdue to shield us from other more
hurtful emotions yeah so when I get
rejected by a girl it hurts and then I'm
like she's a [ __ ] [ __ ]
Yeah right so I think you know Miguel we
have a choice here so I think it still
kind of comes down to I mean first of
all it's like a no-brainer to me why
you're homesick for being away from home
yeah you know cuz when you come back
into this house all of these things
which you've managed to barricade away
or like more difficult to barricade
because you have a somatic memory you
have a memory within your body of these
times and these feelings you basically
like you know you may get diagnosed with
PTSD if you go and see enough
psychiatrists because what you're I mean
I I don't know if it's PTSD actually
isn't the right you may not get
diagnosed with that but you're it's
clearly been traumatic you know like the
other way you know we kind of think
about triggers or flashbacks so now that
you're at home all of these emotions are
arising and your mind is not clean and
focused the way that it used to because
all this [ __ ] is floating around now I
do have a belief I think your dad does
love you and I interpret the I wanted to
tell you I love you in a different way
yeah what I interpret so I for example
Miguel if I like someone and I say I I
wanted to tell you how pretty you are
yeah what does that mean about what I
think about their attractiveness you
definitely think they're pretty yep yeah
why didn't they say it scared I guess
something gets in the way yeah right
and what I'm hearing from your dad's
statement is your dad doesn't say I
don't love you he says I wanted to say
something to you but I didn't know how
or it was too hard yeah
what do you think about that definitely
make sense
I think like really thinking back to the
conversation it's like he's still saying
like you know well instead of saying I
love you saying I like I like you just
feel like a positive emotion it's so
like probably more there yeah so there's
a huge difference between I love you and
I like you though right right so you
love where I mean I don't know why I
keep on using romantic analogies but I
think they're more accessible yeah so
you know if if your girlfriend tells you
she loves you and then you respond with
I like you boy are you [ __ ] right I'm
sorry
you can say I'll be like to the is like
contrary you can all I get you know
false to say like I like you you know as
a thing also absolutely my point is that
those mean different things
yeah yeah right and it's like it's
apples and oranges it's not like you
know and and for you to hear I like you
is also a very important absence of you
hearing I love you yeah like I mean I
like all kinds of things yeah you know
but I I also love all kinds of things
too but there's a it's night and day
yeah and so Miguel in in your case you
know I I still you know so you feel like
your dad does love you and I don't think
that that's defensive so sometimes
people feel like their dads like you
know the people who are important them
and should love them love that they feel
that they want to believe that they're
their parents love them do you think
that you actually genuinely believe that
you're your dad loves you or do you
think that that's just you like holding
on to like childlike hope I believe that
yeah so then the question is why why why
do I believe that like I said he's like
making changes to try and change and
like show that he loves me more
yeah so I think in other ways even
though he didn't say the words I think
also when you were growing up there were
probably some things that he did that
made you feel loved
yeah can you tell us about those I
remember there I guess like one of the
better memories I have with my dad was
like you know geocaching sort of no it's
like we you go to like a location or a
spot and then like this app gives you
tips on how to find the treasure there
oh yeah right okay I remember like doing
that with them and that was really nice
like fun and I don't know he didn't even
say like I love you or anything during
that but it's just like whoa
I mean I guess the easy word is loved
but yeah probably more do it can I give
you another one
mmm did he make you feel wanted yeah
like he valued you being there and he
valued your time together yeah for sure
uh I though it's just like yeah it's a
few and far between yeah III wasn't
trying to be silent for to be awkward I
just didn't know how to follow that off
okay trying to get more out of here no
no that's why I was like oh [ __ ] he
thinks that there's more to know it's
just like I literally don't I don't
always you know sometimes it takes me a
second to process - yeah I'm just trying
to think about so let's pause for a
second okay since we don't know where to
go so tell me know what are we talking
about today man
I mean this was the big thing I just
want to know like what do I do while I'm
here because realistically I just I
can't just go back so how do i what do
you mean what what is the big thing
let's start there just like my
relationship with my dad and what have
we done with that sport it a little more
understand it like at least a little
better and what do you understand about
it now that maybe you didn't before um
that there's like more conflict in me
other nights than I know there is I
think there is there's like okay take
your time
you don't have to make sense by the way
right we can help you with that that's
what we're doing it's just the choice is
there whether I want to or not I guess
is the big thing yep if somewhere down
the line I'm like maybe more mature or
something like that and I decide like
you know I'm at a place where I can
finally go through with this then it'll
always be there hopefully I guess maybe
not always but the choice will be there
yep yeah so I and yeah I think so thanks
for recapping let me just kind of tell
you what I heard so the first thing is
that you know I think you've been numb
to a lot of your thoughts and feelings
about your dad and you've also been
conflicted and I think
times some of that can some of those
conflicting feelings bubble up like I do
genuinely believe that there is a part
of you that but is afraid that your dad
does not love you there's an older part
of you that feels like he really does
love you but there's a younger part of
you that really is not so sure and is
actually afraid and that the we're wolf
the we love doesn't need to really
protect 19 year old Miguel so much as it
needs to protect 10 year old Miguel and
I think both of those Miguel's exist
within you yeah in terms of your road
forward I mean I think to be blunt
Miguel I think that you have to patch
things up with your dad if you want to
feel like you're at home at home okay it
doesn't mean that you can't be
functional is successful at home but if
we think about you being comfortable
like what does home mean like home is a
place that you you feel comfortable and
relaxed and you can be your best self
and you don't have to like you know have
to barricade yourself you don't have to
check the door to see if someone is
listening you you know you're not you're
not at home right now and I think it was
beautifully said that you felt homesick
for being at school because this is not
home for you yeah if you want it to be
at home for you this kind of goes back
to like motivation and the downward
spiral and all that kind of [ __ ]
is that like as long as your brain is
you know spending energy keeping those
walls up like just think about this for
a second you got up to get water and
there's a subconscious process running
in your mind that's like let's check the
door yeah there's no way that you can
like you can't be motivated because your
RAM is being taken up by all this crap
you know when you wake up in the morning
there are feelings of like resentment
and whatever that have been like stored
in your room and in this structure for a
long time and you're just gonna have to
deal with those it's gonna encumber you
it's almost like you know your your
house is a zone that like is gonna like
reduce your stats it's like a miasma and
as long as you're sitting in it you know
your damage is gonna be reduced your
health is gonna be reduced well someone
was saying the other day that I ran out
of mana and I think actually man is a
great exam
for like cognitive energy the issue here
is that you're you're like at school you
know your mana bar is like max so you
can do a lot of things because in each
thing you do makes it harder for you to
do the others but you've got enough mana
at home really the debuff that you've
got as your man is like cut by 50% yeah
so it's way harder so the question is
like what do we do about that so there's
some things that you can do to kind of
you know buff up your mana bar or maybe
like regenerate it throughout the day
like you can like we can always talk
about like I'll meditate like meditates
the session to all of your answers and
things like that but but I think at the
end of the day you know you can't you
can do as many band-aids as you want to
but I'm a big believer that like the
root of the problem is like really where
the problem is yeah and you can't
there's no you can adapt for the miasma
that you're in but ultimately like the
real thing that you that your real
answer lies and like fixing this [ __ ]
yeah and I'm sorry to say that but
that's just what I believe you know yeah
I mean that's just how we are I don't
know that I don't know that we I mean
there's still definitely more things we
could talk about but that's sort of my
sense what do you think about that I
mean honestly I feel like deep in I know
that - it's just like [ __ ] man
it sucks what's my call I go so like
back to the pro thing I felt like I was
in a really good spot I was finally like
hitting the goals I wanted to and then I
feel like I just got like [ __ ] robbed
or something like came back home I'm
just not playing well I just don't have
what I had and I want to do something
total and a half the dudes really all
right yeah so can I say something that
is potentially cliche and inspiring of
course so I I think I think this is you
watch anime course I do come on so you
know you're you're not in your Super
Saiyan form yet yeah how do you get to
be a Super Saiyan
it was anger I think sure like if you
think about like you know you think
about like you know people who are you
know you think about how you like
attained your final form it's not just
through training right it's through like
a conflict and dealing with your inner
demons yeah and I I do believe that for
you to be the best if you actually want
to be successful at all I think the best
way to do it is to I mean like take your
favorite movie scene where you know you
have this conflict with your parents and
then you're on your final match you're
down like two out it's a best-of-five
and you're down two and you look into
the audience and you see your dad there
and he's cheering for you yeah like and
then you go back and you win the next
three yeah yeah and so I think the very
thing that holds you back is gonna turn
you into the person that you need to be
to really be successful okay and I'll
take that to heart and I think that this
is gamez way of giving you that
opportunity right so you were on a
particular track and life and this is
where you don't have to believe in this
stuff is just the way that I
conceptualize things because I find it
helpful and life is giving you this
opportunity to take something that
you've sort of because the thing is even
at school and stuff it's still like
occupying like it's still like debuffing
your man a little bit and if you don't
really want to be successful at law like
you can't be at anything less than a
hundred percent yeah yeah I think about
satire time yeah and and so right now
like the problem is in your face and I
think sometimes life like you try to run
away from things and I think life sort
of says ah and when life says that's the
time for you to step up and I think
you'll be I mean because of this entire
time you've been trying to play lul and
you haven't been your perfect self yeah
and you can't ever be your perfect self
until this thing is settled and just
imagine how motivating it would be in
the morning if you wake up in the
morning you see your dad he says good
morning Miguel I love you like how would
your day change drastically on the
contrary it's like I remember I woke up
one morning I was like started
meditating and he like walked in the
middle of it I got so bad like I didn't
direct it towards them I was just like
oh it's not next time I was just like
after like the rest of day I'm just like
tilted there you go yeah right so so
understand that they whatever tilts you
takes energy right the problem is that
right now that that energy is like
pointed in the tilting direction instead
of the inspiring direction yeah and and
what you I think what you really need to
do is like shift that around we're not
talking about creating or destroying
because you can't create or destroy
energy you cannot create or destroy the
energy of the mind all you can do is
redirect it and shape it and that you
can do through Rican sexualizing right
you can change I wanted to tell you I
love you at one point you interpret it
is I love you but I mean sorry he didn't
love you and then you can reinterpret
that is that I've always loved you and
I've always had difficulty telling you
that okay now I think the challenge here
is I don't know what you exactly you do
about this because I don't know how
ready your dad is yeah we're presuming
that the only person that needs to be
ready here is you the other thing that
they taught me when I was training to
become a psychiatrist was that it's the
parent that they don't talk about that's
actually the problem really right so
yeah I mean you know I think that in any
situations with parents like this
there's also there tends to sometimes be
kind of like this actually I'm gonna ask
you what do you think about that um I
mean I have my like I I definitely have
my like fit to deal with my mom still
but it's not sure it's probably it's uh
how would you say oh I'm D buffing me of
it but it's something not as bad I did
do you have any resentment towards your
mom for letting your dad create this
life for you
I wouldn't say so I never really thought
about it like that but there's something
there there's some resentment yeah so I
think oftentimes that's a piece of it
right so you have the the dad who did
this to you and then you have your mom
who watched it happen yeah and she also
had a daughter more a responsibility to
like protect you from this or because
all really like Miguel the really sad
thing about this is this is actually not
your responsibility right that's what's
really kind of and that makes sense to
me that you're resentful because
generally speaking kids are not the ones
who respect responsible for like moving
a relationship forward with their
parents that changes as we start to
become adults but it's really your dad's
job and he hasn't done a very good job
it sounds like yeah it's like I guess
the way I see it though is like he's
probably in a silver spot when he was a
kid so he just doesn't know what to do
yeah and I think that's a wonderful way
to start building a conversation with
him so I think that's really good for a
couple of reasons like do you feel like
you could have a conversation with him
about what his upbringing was like like
how so do like just back in like like
how do you feel about having a
conversation with him about dad what was
it like growing up for you I mean yeah
fairly if I guess through the word again
if I hunkered down yeah I could okay is
there my senses that you have to hunker
down less to have that conversation than
to have a conversation about him and you
yeah definitely so I think that's where
you can start because it has nothing to
do like these so the we're wolf doesn't
necessarily have to wake up in that
conversation now you're you still have
to hunker down because you're gonna
hunker down any time you talk to your
dad sounds like yeah but to have some
kind of space that allows you guys to
connect and also for you to like not
have to deal with the biggest problem in
the room like we're not going straight
to the raid boss we're starting with
like you know cleaning out the trash
mobs yeah yeah how do you feel about
having a conversation with
like would you be interested in that I
mean yeah it's like feel like a
necessity almost at this point what
feels like a necessity to you I mean
this is sounds like this is like kind of
cold what this is another way I've been
thinking about is just like he's like
paying for my university he's like you
know paying for the house I live in like
the food supplies like I I'm almost like
feel like I shouldn't be allowed to just
like cut him off and be like alright
whatever deal with this ever what work
did yous cut him off should oh god yeah
right so that's your judgment so I think
there's a difference between a VA you
won't watch dreams and stuff before you
new dog yeah so you know what Hodder ma
means mm-hmm so I think that there's
self judgment and there's a dharma so
those are two different things
yeah so I do believe that you have a
duty and responsibility as a son to try
to repair your relationship with your
dad but I think is duty is greater so I
think if you want to repair your
relationship because that's that like
that he's longing for a relationship
with you and you guys have seen you know
you've started like you've seen some
kind of signs of life there I think you
should you should write because I think
it is your daughter ma to try to nurture
that when you're ready and when you're
able although I don't you know I don't
expect you to do it at the age of 19
yeah and but it's reasonable I think
that you that responsibility is
appropriate for you to bear and and also
like you know it's also his Dharma to
provide for you because he's your dad
yeah that's what he gives you and then
when he's old and infirm you provide for
him how old is your dad by the way he's
like
seventy okay so that's also a something
that's very very tricky right okay
because you guys have such a wide age
gap that developmentally it's very hard
for him to make a change so it sounds
like he had you at the age of 51 yeah
so people tend that was the first time
he had a child yeah so like being a
parent is very very hard it's a very
steep learning curve and generally
speaking the older you are the more
difficult it gets so when you're really
young gets hard when you're really old
like just the way that your brain works
like it's hard to learn new things so we
tend to get set in our ways it's not
that you can't teach an old dog new
tricks
but that there's a very real
neuroplasticity issue involved with like
learning and changing behavior so you
can teach a two-year-old new languages
like that it gets harder when you're
fifteen gets even harder when you're
thirty
probably evens out around there but
there's some things about developing a
child where like your brain just changes
like it's [ __ ] weird I used to be
able to watch scary movies and like I
cried maybe once every five to ten years
and now I try like five times a week
it's just weird I started noticing
emotions that I didn't have and I think
it's literally because like you have to
like your brain changes when you have a
child that's so in your data and how old
was your mom when you were born or how
old is she now she's like six 60-ish now
okay forty yeah okay so I think that's
kind of tricky I think there are a lot
of other dynamics that could go on like
like or your how old are your siblings
they're all like 30 ish yeah so so
that's some of this stuff unfortunately
Miguel like you kind of got dealt a
little bit of a shorthand in life in
terms of like you know it's hard to be
so your sense of loneliness growing up
with siblings who are way older and also
parents who are farther in age can be
tricky yeah
I mean unlike the top of a long one s is
just like kind of got used to it I guess
I'm like really introverted but like I
can go out of it when I want to yeah so
listen man I I don't know exactly what
I'm trying to tell you but I think that
what I mean to say is that I I think
that there are reasons that have nothing
to do with who you are
about why it was difficult for you to
form a relationship with your dad now
some of those things I think are on him
but in the sense you guys have the deck
stacked against you because yeah you
know by the time you were 10 he was 60
yeah so like it's hard to like you know
a lot of the things that fathers and
sons do may have actually just been
physically hard for him at that point I
don't know what kind of shame is I'm
pretty bad actually know pretty good
physical everyday yeah so so I mean
that's good but like when I just think
about you know the kinds of things that
I do with my kids like I noticed a
difference between I had my first kid at
the age of 31 to 32 and I could just
manhandle her physically in a way that
even now at like 37 it's like harder for
me to do with my younger kid like I just
it's weird it's like kind of scary but
so so I I think um you know in your case
I think it's a little bit tricky because
you guys do have an age gap that's not
your fault that's not his fault
yeah and but I still think you know I I
don't think you can get around this man
I think we can talk as much as you want
to about waking up on time and setting
your alarm and meditating and setting
all these strategies and behaviors and
atomic habits and all this kind of crap
yeah I mean I think you've got to become
your best version of yourself and I
don't think you can do that as long as
this is hanging over your head
I guess yeah I'll take I'll take the
first step at least because I don't want
this over my head obviously yeah what
does that first step look like to you um
just like saying down and talking like
that like you said like how his
childhood was like maybe just like more
about him I don't know more much about
him general feels like yeah and
so there's this chance that could
backfire it backfires shoot me a DM
because I don't okay hang in okay and
you know you're welcome to come back on
stream you know a couple weeks down the
road or something like that or I mean it
really if the conversation ends up
screwing you over in some way and you
feel like you've you know started a
ticking time bomb please let me know and
I'd love to help you through that sounds
fantastic thank you so much dr. kay yeah
of course man any thoughts or questions
before we wrap up um no those want to
stake it out
we should meditate I've gotten about it
eh yeah okay what kind of meditation do
you do um I'm so kind of a bomb I just
like guided meditation on YouTube or
something like that I started reading a
little bit more but a little bit
judgmental there yeah you're all wrong
yeah right so that's okay so Miguel you
got it you got to start where you are
man you can't expect to be somewhere
somewhere else like you're you're you're
at school you're at home I mean I
learned to meditate I meditate the way
that I do because I learned at an ashram
like I got to stay in India for three
months and we usually didn't have that
opportunity so guided meditation on
YouTube I think is quite respectable let
me just think what are we gonna teach
you
let me think
have you done naughty should be before
the the alternate nostril breathing I
don't think so okay so let's teach you
that let's start there um so I want you
to sit up straight okay okay you have
allergies or a deviated septum or
anything any of that stuff going on okay
now what part of the world are you in by
the way uh Midwest okay oh yes okay does
your dad still work
no he's retired okay we just think about
this so I'm gonna teach you something
called alternate nostril breathing so
can you do this what is that
yeah ah yep
so index finger down wait index finger
down okay yep very good excellent good
job and take care so what we're gonna do
is we're gonna use our thumb to block
this nostril and we're gonna breathe in
through that one then we're gonna use
these two fingers to block the other and
we're gonna breathe okay so what I'm
gonna do it's a little bit weird this or
block your right nostril
breathe in switch and breathe out
breathe in again through the same
nostril switch out
switch now
in
switch out
switch out now close your eyes raise up
your head a little bit sit up nice and
straight good and now continue at your
own pace remember that you breathe out
and then breathe in through the same
nostril before switching that you should
switch with a full breath
go ahead and finish the round that
you're on let your eyes remain closed
and sit in the stores
and now from this place Miguel start to
think through some of the things that
we've talked about today notice within
yourself your fear notice within
yourself the fear of being unwanted the
fear of being unloved and also notice
within yourself the instinctual
knowledge that you are loved that
sometimes these things conflict so be it
notice the burden you've been carrying
sometimes it manifests as a heaviness or
tightness in your chest
and notice that you can to certain agree
free yourself of that burden in moments
like this that there is a real Miguel a
true Miguel a pure version of you who's
a little bit distant from and separate
from all of your fears and worries and
also your joys and ambitions
and if you need to in the days ahead as
you struggle with motivation or
scheduling or things like that try to
come back to this place because from
this place things can get a little bit
easier you can see them a little bit
clearer and you can understand them a
little bit better and it's easier to act
from here
give yourself the opportunity to come
back here from time to time and now come
back to Miguel you're in the Midwest
your eyes are open can I share one last
thought with you Miguel
I don't think you can actually wait to
have this conversation now you were
saying earlier that you have lots of
time and you can deal with it later I
don't think so
you may not have as much time as you
think
and also you should not having as much
time as you think I want you to think
about this you know that you should also
give yourself the time to live and exist
within the relationship with your dad
that you want it's not about fixing
things up and then checking off a box
it's about checking off that box and
then having time to live in that space
whether it be days weeks months years or
even decades
okay yeah yeah of course man
what we're rooting for all righty
no no man
we love to complicate our lives don't we
we love to think about habits and
motivation and willpower and discipline
and all this all this stuff
sometimes I think unfortunately the
things that hold us back are simple and
difficult it's not really complicated so
I want you guys to understand this the
mind thrives in complicated things the
mind loves complicated equations right
because and the more you complicate the
equation the easier it is for the mind
to avoid that which it wants to avoid if
you think about this for a second if a
group project goes wrong whose fault is
it even if it's your fault
it's very easy to assign blame to others
it's way harder to avoid blame yourself
if it's a solo project and so different
variables of the mind are opportunities
for the mind to avoid looking at the
things that doesn't want to look at and
so be careful because the more you
complicate the things in your life the
less likely you are to actually move
forward I mean that's sort of a false
statement because I think a lot of you
know a lot of progress in life can be
made by optimizing different variables
but generally speaking I see a lot of
avoidance carried out through the
complexities of the mind yeah so just
think about that so think about you know
when you're struggling in life how many
answers do you come up with oh why
didn't you finish the project on time oh
I was late and there was traffic and and
I had to call the doctor and my dog
needed this all excuses right the more
excuses that you give the more likely
they are to bbs so the more variables
just think about this when someone when
you ask someone when someone doesn't do
a good job what makes you what sets off
your BS meter when they say they didn't
do a good job for one reason or when
they did they said they didn't do a good
job for five reasons oh it was this
confluence of events the microwave
wasn't working and then I hit traffic
and then this happened and this happened
in this habit that's why I'm late I'm so
sorry right so that's what your mind
does it gives you lots and lots of
reasons oh the reason you aren't
successful is because of this and this
and this
and this and this and this or what it
does is it oversimplifies things because
then it doesn't have to examine the
opposite is true if someone comes in and
they say like oh why were you late and
they're like ah I don't know
zero reasons or five reasons same thing
all bs why aren't you successful oh I'm
lazy yeah
bs not satisfactory right so don't let
your mind get away with zero reasons and
don't let it get away with five reasons
try to find V thing and understand that
your compass for finding what's holding
you back
is that the real compass is that it's in
the opposite direction of where your
compass points so if your point if
you're if your mind goes one way what
you need to do is look in the opposite
way you need to head south whether your
compass is pointing north that's where
you'll find the answers mm-hmm I'm
watching this instead of doing my
homework okay so now do your homework
because we're done for the day right
let's think about anybody have a
suggestion for who we should raid